I joined bubbies he went to remove a
problem Gator and the word was it was a
big one
pontoon boat Roy
here in a big and to this Gator had made
its home in a canal in the middle of a
housing development
there were pets and children everywhere
there was no way the Gator could stay
[Music]
with over a million Gators in Florida
relocation just isn't an option
there's simply no safe place to put them
most have to be destroyed
[Music]
bring out the Gators can disappear
completely in just a few feet of murky
water but Bobby has 20 years of
experience to call upon he can
practically read the Gators mind
okay
this was a big Gator a potential money
tip and a very serious threat with
everyone's safety in mind Bobby decided
had to be put down there and then it was
just too big and too dangerous but in
the commotion unnoticed Bobby staggering
to the back of the boat he'd been shot
hit by shrapnel okay we got him
fortunately it was just a small piece of
lead but it still made a nasty hole
it's a sad fact but as far as alligators
are concerned we humans do just about
everything to encourage trouble have
them as pets in our homes feed wild ones
and put housing developments bang in the
middle of where they naturally live
crocodilians keep killing more people
and all the other managers in this
program put together here in Florida any
alligator even posing a threat to human
is removed and never liked seeing
healthy animals put down when they
threaten human lives like this one often
it's the only reasonable option the
alligator is an instinctive
trigger-happy killer this one would have
no qualms about attacking your pet dog
or even a child Crocs and alligators are
ultimate killers trouble is sometimes
they're just too good for their own good
[Music]
you